Allow competitors to stop the stopwatch (#38)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

    - A5c) The competitor may hold the puzzle against the surface to help operate the puzzle (see [Regulation 7f1d](regulations:regulation:7f1d)).
- A6) Stopping the solve:
    - A6a) The competitor releases the puzzle before stopping the solve, and stops the solve by stopping the timer. If a stopwatch is in use, the judge stops the stopwatch as soon as the competitor does this.

>         - A6a1) If the judge is not immediately available when the competitor does this, the competitor may stop the stopwatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A6a1) If the judge is not immediately available to stop the stopwatch when a stopwatch is in use, the competitor may stop the stopwatch.
```
Also worth adding a clarification guideline? Something along the lines of "Judges must try their best to stop the stopwatch as soon as the competitor signals the end of the solve"

        - B5a1) If a stopwatch is in use in addition to the Stackmat timer, the judge stops the stopwatch as soon as the competitor stops the solve.
    - B5b) When using a stopwatch as the only timer, the competitor stops the solve by releasing the puzzle and notifying the judge that they have stopped the solve. The judge stops the stopwatch as soon as the competitor does this.
        - B5b1) The competitor's default notification signal consists of releasing the puzzle(s) from their hands and placing their hands on the surface, with palms down. The competitor and the judge may agree on another appropriate notification before the start of the attempt.

>         - B5b2) If the judge is not immediately available when the competitor does this, the competitor may stop the stopwatch.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary, given that B1 already says that "Standard speed solving procedures are followed, as described in [Article A](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/full/#A) (Speed Solving)".
